## Idea of SinGAN Reiteration

The architecture of SinGAN is a pyramid of fully convolutional GANS, each capture the distribution of patches at a different scale of an image. When training a model, the image is downsampled at each scale. The generation of an image starts at the coarsest scale and passes through generators up to the finest scale, with noise injected at every scale. The receptive field of each generator and discriminator is the same, so smaller size of structure is captured as the generation process goes up. In many of our training examples, we try to generate image starting at different scales after training the original target images. At the coarsest scale, generated images have large variation with the original image; at finer scale, SinGAN only modifies details, like textures of the sky or stipes on the zebras. 

## Our Work

In this project, we trained xxx images in total, from the original input, bsd 100 dataset, and from our own photos. For many images, we try to further present the same images generated at different scales for comparison. We also show several examples for each application. Moreover, we try to adjust four hyperparameters to SinGAN model: pyramid scale factor, reconstruction loss weight, number of layers, and number of epochs to train per scale. The first two hyperparameters investigate change in quality of generated images. The last two hyperparameters decide the training speed of the model and see if using lower value still produces the same qualified images. We try these changes in hyperparameters on two images: Starry Night and zebra. Starry night is art work and may allow more variation or “modification” so its strictness is lower; zebra is image of real life so it has to look real, otherwise the generated image is a failure. We want to compare if art work and real-life image require different hyperparameters so that in future, we can have 2 models to train them differently (all output in #output# folder).

To evaluate the effect of different hyperparameters and make conclusion, we have 3 difficulties:

1.	Evaluation is quite subjective. Someone in our group has different opinion on realness and fakeness of two sets of images generated by different hyperparameters. Also, is absolute different from the original input or similar from the original input image better if they look both real? The answer depends on individuals.
2.	As said before, if we generate images at coarse scale, the generated image has great variability in global structures, while generate at finer scale only changes finer details. Therefore, if we change one parameter, like reconstruction loss weight, and compare, we may find that the image generated at smaller weight but at lower scale may have the similar distribution than the image generated at larger weight but higher scale. We cannot distinguish which reconstruction loss weight is better at this case.
3.	Each training model would gives us 50 random samples. To almost all the parameters, there are good examples or bad examples. If we only compare the best example generated by different parameters, they are likely to be awesome. Therefore, it is hard to say which parameter is better.

Therefore, in our following analysis, we would emphasize the difference of parameters. Even if we evaluate which parameter is better, it will still be our subjective opinion.

### Changed parameter1

### Changed parameter2

### Changed parameter3

### Changed parameter4

## Code Instruction
